---
layout: post
title:  "Married"
date:   2025-05-01  01:28:38 +0600
tags: cambodia
---

There's so much now I won't express, so much I can't express, so much you wouldn't understand even if I did. I now have a bride to share secrets with, to laugh with, so much that will only ever be between us.

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/tommylinflowers.jpg" caption="" %}

She's beautiful, faithful, wonderful, wise, and cute. She's mine and I am hers. Though the world may scoff, we have no shame.

### March, back in Cambodia

When I got back to Cambodia in March we ran around for a month preparing for the wedding, receiving and feeding guests, handling logistics for said guests (and taking care of my visiting American family) as well as running marriage paperwork, handing out invites, and overall wearing ourselves out. The number of things going wrong are comical with how many there are, and even worse is that Lin and I seemed to be the only ones equipped to solve them.

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/parade.jpg" caption="Bringing the fruits!" %}

The night before the wedding we were out late preparing fruit for the parade and trying to get the bookings for our guests straightened out since the hotel was claiming we had 2 rooms that haven't been claimed yet. Then at 2:50am we woke up to get dressed and put on makeup (I didn't wear makeup, but I was there for emotional support) for the wedding. I thought we were in for another exhausting day, but God blessed us with a relatively cool day. It was a very fun yet long day and in all we changed outfits 8 times.

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/parade2.jpg" caption="In the Khmer tradition the groom initiates a parade at sunrise bringing a ridiculous number of gifts to the bride." %}

We got married in the Cambodian tradition, but Christian style, so all the music was music to Jesus and there was no charms or calling on spirits or ancestors. Also there was no alcohol

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/arm.jpg" caption="The outfits weren't as uncomfortable as I would've thought, but still not easy, especially for Lin." %}

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/boys.jpg" caption="Tommy's groomsmen: William, Andrew, Tommy, Hunter." %}

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/inlaws.jpg" caption="Tommy's new in-laws." %}

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/parents 2.jpg" caption="Tommy's parents and Lin's aunt and uncle parent stand-ins" %}

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/charles.jpg" caption="My coworker Charles' team of cohorts." %}
{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/prozacbless.jpg" caption="One of our friends caught the bouquet, so he gave us a blessing." %}

### After wedding busyness

It was great having my family on my side meet the family on Lin's side. After the wedding Lin and I did some more cleanup and entertained more guests for a day.

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/josephstacy.jpg" caption="Stacy and Joseph Budde came to my wedding too, they had a blast." %}

 After a couple days we went to Amy and Thanak's house to help them with their 2 day long kid's camp event. Lin helped make all the food and I was a camp leader. We worshipped Jesus, played games, and taught the kids a lot about Jesus.

After the camp me and Lin and my family all went to Siem Reap and stayed there for a few days. They got to see what a Cambodian waterfight is like. Then we rented a bus to take them to the airport in Phnom Penh.

### Sickness

After that I got immediately hit by different sicknesses, at first it was mumps, then a couple weeks later it was strep throat, hyponatremia, and mumps again? So I've just been rather exhausted and achey for a while but I'm getting better. Pray for my full healing. 

### Praise

- The government did not shut down our wedding ceremony even though we didn't have the paperwork completed.

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/kiss2.jpg" caption="Cambodians traditionally don't kiss on the mouth, but it's increasing in popularity. We're both glad we saved our first kisses for marriage." %}

- We completed one part of our marriage paperwork process (though we may have to start over if some of the papers expire).

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/andrew.jpg" caption="Tommy's little brother Andrew, but Lin's 3 year old niece calls him “Kangaroo.”" %}

- My family made it to Cambodia easily and had a fun easy time here, there was a bunch of teasing back and forth between them and Lin.

- I'm thankful for all of you who support and pray for me and blessed me on this next stage of my life.

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/momdadhug.jpg" caption="Tommy's parents have been married longer than he has, so of course they're sweeter." %}

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/kiss.jpg" caption="Us kissing on our wedding day" %}

### Closing

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/04/romance.jpg" caption="" %}

I'm sorry this letter took so long in writing, I've been pretty much out of energy and sleeping most days trying to recover. Now I understand the beauty and some of the hardships of marriage.

No regrets, excited for what comes next:

- Expedition Monday
- Bible studies
- Kids Ministry every day
- Conference for Cambodians in July

all for Jesus,

Tommy and Lin
