---
layout: post
title:  "New Year"
date:   2025-01-13 01:28:38 +0600
tags: cambodia
---
{% include figure popup=false image_path="/assets/pics/2025/01/thai.jpg" caption="Lin and I going to Thailand with our team and our disciples." %}

In November we took our 10 disciples and my fiance Lin to Thailand for a retreat to pray and worship and really focus on the holy Spirit and God's voice. God moved in our meetings and we had some time to visit the night market as well. Those were my last nights in Asia before I left Lin and my team to go back to America for four months. 

Overland Missions just had our annual conference in Jacksonville and it was a blast, it's great to work among such like-minded people who are living in the victory of redemption by Christ alone. We're taking on 18+ nations and we're going to continue to see the gospel transform lives.

Right now I'm in Florida, and then I'll be in Dallas for a couple weeks before going back to Dubuque. I'll be going around praying for people, speaking, raising support, and preparing the documents I need to marry my first and only love.

I'm being tried, I'm being tested, but I know that God will come through as he always does, and I thank all of you who have been such an encouragement and partners with me in this kingdom work. 

### Can I take this with me?

My dad brought a homeless man in a wheelchair into our home and we all took turns sharing the word of Christ with him and praying for him. We attempted to get him out of the wheel chair, but his legs were still weak. 


{% include figure popup=false image_path="/assets/pics/family2025.jpg" caption="New family photo." %}

"How do you feel?" We asked.

"You know, it's weird," he said, "for the past few years I've had constant voices in my head, but ever since I came into your house the voices stopped. What's going on?"

"It's because this is my house." Said my dad, "I don't allow the voices to enter. This is God's house and he's bigger than every other spirit."

"It's amazing. I feel this peace. Can I take this with me when I go?"

"Yes." I replied, "You can because it's just Jesus. If you give him your life he will be with you forever."

The power of God is alive in every country it becomes ours by faith, we have to believe that we have it by right of Jesus' finished work on the cross.

> Romans 8:15 BSB
> For you did not receive a spirit of slavery that returns you to fear, but you received the Spirit of sonship, by whom we cry, “Abba! Father!”

{% include figure popup=false image_path="/assets/pics/2025/01/soup.jpg" caption="I made some Cambodian soup." %}

### Pray
- That my personal funds I had saved for my wedding will be released to my account in time to book the wedding. And that all these logistical details would be worked out.
- For our ministry in Cambodia as it grows and we get legitimacy and legal status. 
- For me that I would get funding and partnerships to insure longevity and velocity in Cambodia for both serving others and providing for my family.

{% include figure popup=false image_path="/assets/pics/2025/01/people.jpg" caption="Some American friends." %}

Let's meet up while there's still time.

Tommy Downs
