---
layout: post
title:  "As Long As We Agree"
date:   2025-07-12  01:28:38 +0600
tags: cambodia
---

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/07/nephews.jpg" caption="" %}

Before we got married, Lin had questions about how we would live as a married couple and the structure of our new lives together. I told her we could do whatever, as long as the two of us agree.

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/07/stungkiev.jpg" caption="Ministry with the kids in Stung Kiew" %}

And as I rode my motorcycle last week I thought about that. I felt like God was saying the same thing, "we can do miracles, we can transform lives, we can change the world, as long as the two of us agree." (The two of us being me and Jesus, or the church and Jesus.) I know God wants to do miracles, I know God wants to touch lives, but as co-laborers with Christ he's looking for us to agree with him. When we don't push for the supernatural, when we don't pursue it, we aren't gonna see it often. It's not because God isn't interested, it's not because it isn't his will, but often it isn't our will; we give up easily, we get distracted, or we doubt.

Right now our team in Cambodia is dwindling in numbers, so it's more important than ever that we have unity of vision together in order to see God's will be done. We're looking to accelerate ministry with training Cambodians, even sending them to neighboring countries, but the details of how to do that haven't been fully agreed on yet.

We had engineers come and help us plan out how to build a base for future ministry here and it's gonna be big, we need God's help to get there, and we need more missionaries on the ground here.

Pray for our team that we would have the unity and the resources to move forward.

### Expedition

We had an expedition in Tmat Paey a couple months ago and now Lin and I are responsible to follow up with that village and make it strong and connect people to the church there. It was pretty discouraging going there before, but last week Lin and I spent a full day there visiting people and we saw that there really is a lot of interest in Jesus from the young to the aged. They let us teach 250 elementary students in the school, and we have permission to do that every week. I love working with my wife.

### Actual war?

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/07/takrabey.jpg" caption="One of the ancient temples on the border of Thailand" %}

There's been lots of tension between Cambodia and Thailand at the border (where we are) lately. There's been a lot of soldiers everywhere. So far not much has really happened, but people are digging bunkers and evacuating and stuff. Some people evacuated a month ago and got bored and hungry and so they came back, life goes on. I took advantage of the situation and got to take my wife to visit some of my old friends in Oddar Meanchey province like I promised them.

{% include figure popup=true image_path="/assets/pics/2025/07/omgrandma.jpg" caption="Sweet grandmas that I used to visit every week last year. They were so happy to see me again." %}


### Pray

-That Lin and I can get the documents the government requires in order to be legally married.
-For the future of our work in Cambodia (the base, disciples, partners, ministry)

For the kingdom,

Tommy and Lin
